README.md, before:

# Readme - NFC Personal Website

This project is a personal website that displays your social media links, phone number, email, and a bio about you. The unique feature of this website is that it is connected to an NFC TAP card, making it easy to share your information with others.

## Prerequisites

To use this website, you will need an NFC-enabled device, such as a smartphone or tablet. You will also need an NFC TAP card that is programmed with the website's URL.

## Installation

to install all the dependencies
`npm install`

## Usage

Once the website is open, you can view your social media links, phone number, email, and bio. You can also easily share this information with others by allowing them to tap their NFC-enabled device to your NFC TAP card.

## Customization

To customize the website to your preferences, you can edit the arr.js it has one arr by default but if your hosting it for more then one account just have more then one obj in the main arr and it will get mapped. You can add or remove social media links, change the color scheme, and modify the bio.

## Troubleshooting

If the website does not open automatically when you tap your NFC TAP card, ensure that your device's NFC setting is enabled. Also, make sure that the website's URL is programmed correctly on your NFC TAP card with the right route.

## Acknowledgments

This project was inspired by the need for a simple and easy way to share personal information with others. Special thanks to the creators of NFC technology for making this possible.

Commit message:

added the -v node in readme

README.md, after:

# Readme - NFC Personal Website

## Installation

To install all the dependencies for this project, run the following command in your terminal:

`npm install`

Ensure that you have at least the minimum required version of Node.js installed on your system to use this project. To check the Node.js version installed on your system, run the following command in your terminal:

`node -v`

This will display the version number of the Node.js installed on your system.
minimum version 18.13.0

## Usage

Once the website is open, you can view your social media links, phone number, email, and bio. You can also easily share this information with others by allowing them to tap their NFC-enabled device to your NFC TAP card.

## Customization

To customize the website to your preferences, you can edit the arr.js it has one arr by default but if your hosting it for more then one account just have more then one obj in the main arr and it will get mapped. You can add or remove social media links, change the color scheme, and modify the bio.

## Troubleshooting

If the website does not open automatically when you tap your NFC TAP card, ensure that your device's NFC setting is enabled. Also, make sure that the website's URL is programmed correctly on your NFC TAP card with the right route.

## Acknowledgments

This project was inspired by the need for a simple and easy way to share personal information with others. Special thanks to the creators of NFC technology for making this possible.
